Time for a little
rock skipping 101.
If you don't throw it
at exactly the right angle,
it'll sink like a stone.
It is a stone.
Sinking and breaking windows
is all it's good for.
Okay, Emma,
how about you go first?
Make sure you do us
Woodchucks proud!
Hey, you're lucky I'm
even holding this thing.
The last rock I picked up
was ten carats
and came with an armed guard.
Stand aside, ladies.
I have calculated the
perfect angle and velocity
for maximum skippage.
(SQUAWKING) (THUD)
Well, you didn't skip a rock,
but you might have
got us dinner.
Ooh! Here's another stone.
Go get us a pig, I'm in
the mood for some bacon.
¶ Here we go
¶ We're leaving the city
behind right now
¶ Let's gather by
the campfire light
¶ And sing this song
ALL: ¶ Kikiwaka
¶ Hanging out with someone new
¶ Then falling out
of a camp canoe
¶ What's that smell?
It's on your shoe
ALL: ¶ Kikiwaka
¶ Got a s'more in my hair
¶ Mosquitos in our underwear
¶ Shower's broke
but we don't care
ALL: ¶ Kikiwaka
¶ This is our home away from home
away from home away from home
¶ But watch your back
A bear just ate my phone
ALL: ¶ Kikiwaka, Kikiwaka
ALL: ¶ Kikiwaka, Kikiwaka ¶
Breakfast, al fresco.
Bon "appetite."
Aw, merci!
Huh?
Never mind.
So, do you like creme fraiche
with your lobster crepes?
Wow.
I'm surprised you even know
about creme fraiche and crepes.
I didn't, until I did an Internet
search for "rich people food."
Aw, this is so romantic!
I did an Internet search
for you too,
but it was just to make sure you
didn't have a criminal record.
Aww, young love.
(MIMICS RETCHING)
Xander, you have
another phone call.
I'll be right back.
Wow, your little boy toy
really went all out.
(CHUCKLES) Only one
explanation for that.
Yup, he really likes me.
Oh, Emma.
Sweet, naive, wrinkle-free Emma.
Xander has been getting all
kinds of phone calls lately.
Obviously, he feels guilty
because he's cheating on you.
(CHUCKLES) He is not!
Xander is not that kind of guy.
They're all that kind of guy.
I've been cheated on
millions of times
and I'm delightful.
Sorry about that.
So, uh, who called?
No one important.
Secretive.
I'll bet "no one important"
is a bendy gymnast back home.
TIFFANY: You!
I know you took it!
If you're talking about
your ability to have fun,
I think you were born that way.
I'm talking about my violin.
It's gone.
Where did you hide it?
I didn't.
Maybe it ran away to find someone
who can actually play it.
This from someone whose
idea of entertainment is
to watch stupid viral
videos over and over.
They are not stupid.
They're hilarious.
In fact, I want to watch "Monkey
Sniffing His Own Butt" right now.
Hey!
My tablet's gone!
Did you take it?
No! And you're not supposed
to have a tablet at camp!
I have a doctor's note.
There's no such disease as
"tablet deficiency."
Okay, I know this sounds crazy,
but I think Xander
might be cheating on me.
(SCOFFS) I knew it.
No one is that charming
without a secret dark side.
No way!
I've known Xander a long time,
and he's not the kind of guy
who would cheat.
Oh, that does sound like Xander.
He is as honest as they come,
and quite charming.
But he's been getting
secret phone calls all week.
(SCOFFS) Care to explain, Lou?
Emma, if you're so worried, why
don't you just go talk to Xander?
I don't want him to think I'm a
paranoid freak who doesn't trust him.
Maybe I should
go through his trash.
So, I told the guy, "If I
have to pay for the movie",
"and the large popcorn
and the artisan hotdog"
"and the gourmet vegan nachos,"
"you at least have to
sit next to me."
Gladys!
Zuri took my violin! Did not!
But Tiffany took my tablet!
Which I need for my serious
medical condition.
Actually, I took your tablet.
Why?
Because it's against camp rules.
But I have a note!
A fake note.
Like last week,
when "your doctor" said
you needed extra desserts
because you were diagnosed
with a "low pudding count."
LPC is a real thing!
Make Zuri give me
back my violin!
She didn't take it. I did.
I got sick and tired of getting
complaints about your playing.
From who?
Everybody!
The campers here, the
campers across the lake,
the Canadian mounted police.
Wow, Tiffany, you're
an international annoyer.
You'll both get your stuff
back at the end of camp.
Hey, kids! Remember,
no swimming in the lake
until we deal with that
little deadly snake problem.
Zuri, I'm so sorry I accused
you of taking my violin.
I forgive you.
And?
You are...
Not swimming in that lake.
Maybe she'll send me a card.
ZURI: Don't hold your breath!
Hey, Xander.
It's weird, my trash is
scattered everywhere.
Those bears... So untidy.
Xander, I need to
ask you something.
Are you cheating on me?
What? No!
Why would you even think that?
Because you were
acting kind of guilty,
like you were hiding something.
Actually, I have been
hiding something from you,
and I do feel guilty.
So that was a guilt crepe!
What are you hiding?
Whatever it is, it's
obviously not in your trash.
Because the bear
would have found it.
I should have told you this
before, but I just couldn't.
The truth is, I have to
leave camp.
Oh, that's not so bad.
For how long? A few days?
A week?
No, for good.
I can't believe you're leaving!
I'm sorry, but my high school
football team practices
got moved up to next week.
So, that's what the
phone calls were about?
Yes.
But what about us?
Emma, you know
I want to be with you.
Then stay! There, problem solved.
Let's hit the lake!
I can't! Okay, zipline?
Look, Emma, playing football
is a family tradition.
We even have a jockstrap that's been
passed down for three generations.
Is that supposed to get me
to understand your decision?
Because I'm not really happy
that you're choosing
used underwear over me!
Hello! What are we
talking about?
Xander's leaving camp to play football
in his grandfather's jockstrap!
That is horrible.
What will your grandfather wear?
Oh, man! Gladys locked her door.
Now what do we do?
Don't worry. I got this.
You can pick locks?
How else could I get into
the library after hours?
Talk about a wasted talent.
Emma, I really think
you should talk to Xander.
He's already made his decision,
so why should I talk to him?
Number one, because
you guys are a couple,
and couples talk things out.
And number two, he's outside the
door with flowers and chocolates.
XANDER: Actually, I couldn't find
any chocolates, but I have a bagel!
Make that flowers
and a doughy treat.
It doesn't make any difference.
I don't want to talk to him!
Okay, fine, but Xander's dad is
coming to pick him up today,
and I think you'll really regret
it if you leave things this way.
Seriously, a bagel?
It was either this,
or furry strawberries.
So, she doesn't want to talk?
No, but I know Emma,
and she'll come around.
Meanwhile, since your football
practice is starting,
we need to get you in shape.
The only pass you made
this summer was at Emma.
(BLOWING WHISTLE)
Knees up! And faster, before the
bus driver needs these tires back!
(PANTING)
Can I get a drink of water?
No! You can drink
when you're dead!
What does that even mean?
I don't know! (BLOWING WHISTLE)
I just know that I'm gonna stay
on you like stink on rice!
I don't think that's
the expression.
Um, have you had the rice here?
Fair point. Okay.
I am ready to help Xander
rehearse football.
Batter up!
Nothing but net.
You really think Ravi can help
me be a better football player?
No, but I think he'll
take your mind off of Emma,
or the very least
make you laugh.
Hut one! Hut two! Omaha!
What is the largest city
in the state of Nebraska?
This isn't a test.
That's the signal that
I'm changing the play.
Fine. But I was not wrong.
Hike!
(SCREAMING) (THUD)
(GROANS) Did we win?
28. Red dog. Hike.
I caught it!
Keep running!
Why? (SCREAMING)
That's why.
It's not here.
I bet our stuff is in there.
Wait, maybe
we shouldn't open that.
There might be the body of one
of her old boyfriends in there.
Don't be silly.
She'd have to get a boyfriend
before she could kill one.
(GASPS) Oh, my gosh,
she has a creepy shrine
to my dad.
Wow, this is even weirder than
yesterday's Morgan-shaped meatloaf.
(DOORKNOB CLICKING)
That's Gladys. Hide!
Oh, I can't believe
I left this open.
Hi, Morgy. Miss me?
I sure did, Glady.
You look ravishing.
(CHUCKLES) Thank you,
these are new cargo shorts.
Oh! (KISSING)
(MOANING)
Gonna puke! Choke it back!
Camp food tastes even worse
the second time down.
Nothing like a little refreshment
after some football.
I could use a little more ice.
Where would you put it?
My earlobes are throbbing!
Emma!
Xander, I've been thinking,
and Lou is right.
I should've accepted your bagel.
Oh, it was whole wheat.
Really?
Anyway, it's the thought
that counts.
I'm sorry for getting so upset
about your leaving.
If football is your passion,
and that's what really
makes you happy,
then that's what you should do.
Thanks, Emma.
But the thing is, football
doesn't really make me happy.
BOTH: What?
Then why did we have to
help you practice?
My hip is where my
ankle should be!
And my kneecaps
are on backwards.
But you've always
loved football!
Actually, it's my dad
who loves football.
I love music, and being here
with you guys.
Great!
So, can't you just
tell him how you feel?
No!
I once told him I wanted
to cut out red meat,
and he cut me out of his will!
Xander, this is your chance
to be honest with your dad.
Yes, you should tell him
how you really feel.
After all, it's your life.
Although, I am on his side
about the red meat thing.
Maybe you're right.
I'm gonna tell my dad
I don't want to play football.
Hey, Xan-Man! Hey, Dad.
Ready to hit the road harder than a
free safety blindsiding a quarterback?
Actually, no.
Because I...
I haven't packed yet.
I'll be back in a minute.
I can't believe it.
Yes.
If he packs all those
clothes in one minute,
they are going to be
horribly wrinkled.
Xander, why didn't you
tell your dad the truth?
I wanted to!
But my mouth got dry,
my pits got all sweaty,
and I couldn't speak!
I'm so embarrassed.
You have nothing to be
embarrassed about.
Except maybe your boxers
that say "Rump Shaker."
That was piling on. My bad.
Look, Xander, I know it can be
tough to stand up to your dad,
so maybe we can help.
How are you gonna do that?
The same way any good coach helps
their team through a tough game.
By making sure they have
adorable uniforms? No.
Was I close? No.
(KISSING)
Morgy, you know
we were meant to be.
Could this get any creepier?
Yes.
I just noticed
her lucky raccoon paw.
Hello, Christina.
This is what you get
for ruining my life!
She's ripping my mom apart
like monkey bread.
(POP)
She just bit your
mom's head off.
That is disturbing
and unsanitary!
Let's get out of here.
Right behind you.
If we get caught,
she might bite our heads off.
Forgot my canteen.
I'll never make it through Bunny
cabin sing-a-long without you.
(CHUCKLES)
(DOOR CREAKING)
Hey! What are you doin' in here?
Uh, leaving.
I told you this
wasn't the mess hall.
Nice try.
Actually, that was
a terrible try.
Okay, we're here for our stuff.
And you're going to
give it back to us.
Give me one good reason
why I should.
Because if you don't,
I'll tell my dad that you
have a creepy shrine to him,
you make out with his picture,
and you bite the head off
dolls of my mom.
(SIGHS)
Okay, that's three good reasons.
BOTH: Ew!
Make that four good reasons.
Please don't tell your dad.
I don't want him to
think I'm, you know...
Weird? Wacko?
I was going to say quirky.
Hey, Xan-Man.
Bet you can't wait to
hit the gridiron, huh?
Let's go. Wear your
pads on the way home.
But it's like 95 degrees.
Fine, don't wear the cup.
So, here's the thing.
I want you to hear
what I'm going to say.
Okay.
I have been thinking
for a long time...
Okay, can we speed this up?
'Cause, I can't stand
for too long,
ever since that linebacker slammed
me into that cheerleader.
Then again, that is
how I met your mom.
Well, it's
hard to tell you, but...
I'm William Shakespeare
eating a ham?
Is this about the whole
red meat thing again?
What the heck does that mean?
Xander's situation is
identical to
Shakespeare's Hamlet.
But instead of feeling the
pressure of political ambition,
Xander feels the pressure of his
father's football ambition.
Like, duh!
No. Not like, duh!
Okay, from now on,
you're wearing two helmets.
Can't have you losing
any more brain cells.
What I'm trying to say is...
I don't want to play football.
What?
But we're a football family.
I played,
your grandfather played.
Even your cousin Shelia made
a darn good tackle dummy!
Dad, you're not listening to me.
I'm done with football!
The heck you are!
You know, I am extremely
disappointed in you, Xander.
Well, I'm sorry for being
such a disappointment.
But I'm staying here at camp.
No, you're not!
We're leaving in ten minutes.
Go pack.
Go fish? (LAUGHS)
Got any threes?
Miniature soccer.
Who came up with this?
Gerald! Oh, no!
Hello! Hello, Gladys.
You didn't stop by and say hi
when you dropped off
Xander this summer.
Because last time
I said "hello,"
you handcuffed yourself
to my belt,
and said it was a magic trick.
Abracadabra!
Uh, Gladys!
The nurse wants to see you.
Something about botulism?
Darn it! Stupid rusty
canned beans!
I'll be right back, and I'll
pull something out of your hat.
(MOCK LAUGHS)
I don't have a hat.
(EXHALES) Thanks so
much for saving me...
Emma.
Oh, so you're the famous Emma that
Xander keeps telling me about.
Well, I've been in a few magazines,
but I wouldn't call myself famous.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Look, Mr. McCormick,
I really care about Xander.
Then I guess you're happy
he wants to stay at camp.
Well, yeah.
But when he first told me he was
leaving, I was really hurt and upset.
Then you understand how I feel?
Of course.
But then Lou helped me realize
that I should want Xander to do
what makes him happy,
even if it makes me upset.
I get it.
You're saying that
if I love Xander,
I should let him
choose his own path?
Exactly.
You know he once got lost
in our driveway?
And it's a circle.
Tell me about it.
When he goes out in the woods,
we make him wear a bell.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
But when it comes to what
he wants to do with his life,
I think you should trust
he knows where he's going.
(SIGHS)
(CHUCKLES) Maybe you're right.
I should go talk to him.
You know, you're a
pretty smart young lady.
And I loved that story you
made up to get rid of Gladys.
I didn't make that up.
Right now, there are 12 kids puking
their guts out in the infirmary.
Hey.
Wow, this mattress is hard.
That's because it's plywood
painted to look like a mattress.
I see Gladys is
as cheap as ever.
So... Look, Dad, I don't
want to play football.
I just don't like it.
Well, what do you like?
Being here at camp
and playing music.
But you wouldn't understand.
Actually, I would.
I never told you this... But, uh...
(CLEARS THROAT)
I always wanted to
play the clarinet.
(CHUCKLES) You did?
But the clarinet is so la...
Cool! I know, right?
Every game, I'd look up from the field
at the band with their awesome hats,
watching that clarinet section
blow the crowd away.
Gosh, they were neat!
Then why did you play football?
'Cause my dad made me.
You think I wanted to
wear his old jockstrap?
So you do understand how I feel?
Absolutely.
And you're not a disappointment.
In fact, I'm really
proud of you.
You are?
Yeah, I wish I could've stood up
to my dad like you stood up to me.
Thanks, Dad.
So I can stay at camp?
Of course.
But you do know that
the food here has botulism?
I know, that's why I never
eat anything canned.
(LAUGHING)
Just promise me one thing.
You won't take up soccer, 'cause
I couldn't stand the shame.
Deal. Okay.
(CLAPPING)
Ravi, why are you crying?
He's very emotional.
I once saw him cry
over a commercial.
That man got the fourth
tire for free. (SOBS)
(LAUGHING)
See? The monkey's
sniffing his own butt!
Look! He fell off the branch!
(LAUGHING)
And you're getting me new
pictures of your dad, right?
Mmm-hmm.
Just keep that pudding coming.
I know, doctor's orders.
I'll go get some more.
I was getting up anyway
to gouge my eyes out.
(SCREAMING)
What's wrong?
I found more raccoon parts.
What? They make
great paper weights.